packages/ui/README.md, before:

# Leather Mobile Wallet

Leather is the most popular and trusted wallet for apps built on Bitcoin. And now it's coming to iOS and Android!

## Development

This app is an [Expo](https://expo.dev/) mobile application. So there are a few prerequisites to have installed on your computer before we can proceed.

### Prerequisites

- [Node and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
- [Watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/docs/install#buildinstall) for MacOS and Linux users.
- `npm install` in the monorepo root folder.

If you want to run this in an iOS simulator:

- MacOS computer
- [XCode](https://apps.apple.com/am/app/xcode/id497799835)
- [Install CocoaPods](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html)

And for Android emulator:

- [Android studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)
- [Install Android emulator with Android studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator#avd)

Running on iOS device:

- Install [Expo app from AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/am/app/expo-go/id982107779) on your device.
- Scan the QR code that is going to be shown in the terminal after running the expo server in the next section

Running on Android device

- Install [Expo app from Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&pli=1) on your device.
- Scan the QR code that is going to be shown in the terminal after running the expo server in the next section

### Running the application

- `npm run start` if you want to test the app on your personal Android or iOS device

- `npm run ios` if you want to run it on iOS simulator

- `npm run android` if you want to run it on Android emulator

## License

[MIT](../../LICENSE) © [Leather Wallet LLC](https://github.com/leather-wallet/mono)

---

[⬅ Back](../../README.md)

---

Commit message:

chore: ui components built with panda-preset, ref leather-wallet/issues#63

packages/ui/README.md, after:

# Leather Mobile Wallet

Leather is the most popular and trusted wallet for apps built on Bitcoin. And now it's coming to iOS and Android!

## Development

This app is an [Expo](https://expo.dev/) mobile application. So there are a few prerequisites to have installed on your computer before we can proceed.

### Prerequisites

- [Node and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
- [Watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/docs/install#buildinstall) for MacOS and Linux users.
- `npm install` in the monorepo root folder.

If you want to run this in an iOS simulator:

- MacOS computer
- [XCode](https://apps.apple.com/am/app/xcode/id497799835)
- [Install CocoaPods](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html)

And for Android emulator:

- [Android studio](https://developer.android.com/studio)
- [Install Android emulator with Android studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator#avd)

Running on iOS device:

- Install [Expo app from AppStore](https://apps.apple.com/am/app/expo-go/id982107779) on your device.
- Scan the QR code that is going to be shown in the terminal after running the expo server in the next section

Running on Android device

- Install [Expo app from Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&pli=1) on your device.
- Scan the QR code that is going to be shown in the terminal after running the expo server in the next section

### Running the application

- `npm run start` if you want to test the app on your personal Android or iOS device

- `npm run ios` if you want to run it on iOS simulator

- `npm run android` if you want to run it on Android emulator

## Pete Panda

Need to run:

- `pnpm panda` to generate `leather-styles`
- `pnpm ts:build:web` to then output the component dist

## License

[MIT](../../LICENSE) © [Leather Wallet LLC](https://github.com/leather-wallet/mono)

---

[⬅ Back](../../README.md)

---
